.TH "IB_ACM_RESOLVE_NAME" 3 "2009-09-09" "libibacm" "Libibacm Programmer's Manual" libibacm
.SH NAME
ib_acm_resolve_name \- Resolve path data between the specified names.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "#include <infiniband/ib_acm.h>"
.P
.B "int" ib_acm_resolve_name
.BI "(char *" src ","
.BI "char *" dest ","
.BI	"struct ib_acm_dev_addr *" dev_addr ","
.BI "struct ibv_ah_attr *" ah ","
.BI	"struct ib_acm_resolve_data *" data ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "src" 12
Source system network name or host name.
.IP "dest" 12
Destination system network name or host name.
.IP "dev_addr" 12
On success, local IB device address information.  This includes the
local device GUID, port number, and pkey index to use for communication.
.IP "ah" 12
On success, address handle attributes to send to the destination.  The
address handle attributes may be used to configure a connected QP or
create an address handle for datagram traffic.
.IP "data" 12
On success, additional route and endpoint information.  This includes
the MTU, packet lifetime, and maximum initiator depth and responder
resources information usable between the end points.
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Discover path information, including identifying the local device,
between the given the source and destination names.
.SH "NOTES"
The source and destination names should match entries in acm_addr.cfg
configuration files on their respective systems.  Typically, the
source and destination names will refer to system host names
assigned to an Infiniband port.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
ib_acm_resolve_ip(3), ib_acm_resolve_path(3), ib_acm_query_path(3),
ib_acm_convert_to_path(3), ib_acm(7)

