.TH "IB_ACM_RESOLVE_IP" 3 "2009-09-09" "libibacm" "Libibacm Programmer's Manual" libibacm
.SH NAME
ib_acm_resolve_ip \- Resolve path data between the specified addresses.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "#include <infiniband/ib_acm.h>"
.P
.B "int" ib_acm_resolve_ip
.BI "(struct sockaddr *" src ","
.BI "struct sockaddr *" dest ","
.BI	"struct ib_acm_dev_addr *" dev_addr ","
.BI "struct ibv_ah_attr *" ah ","
.BI	"struct ib_acm_resolve_data *" data ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "src" 12
Source address.
.IP "dest" 12
Destination address.
.IP "dev_addr" 12
On success, local IB device address information.  This includes the
local device GUID, port number, and pkey index to use for communication.
.IP "ah" 12
On success, address handle attributes to send to the destination.  The
address handle attributes may be used to configure a connected QP or
create an address handle for datagram traffic.
.IP "data" 12
On success, additional route and endpoint information.  This includes
the MTU, packet lifetime, and maximum initiator depth and responder
resources information usable between the end points.
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Discover path information, including identifying the local device,
between the given the source and destination addresses.
.SH "NOTES"
The source and destination addresses should match entries in acm_addr.cfg
configuration files on their respective systems.  Typically, the
source and destination addresses will refer to IP addresses assigned
to an IPoIB instance.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
ib_acm_resolve_name(3), ib_acm_resolve_path(3), ib_acm_query_path(3),
ib_acm_convert_to_path(3), ib_acm(7)

