.TH IBCACHEEDIT 8 "Apr 15, 2010" "OpenIB" "OpenIB Diagnostics"

.SH NAME
ibcacheedit \- edit an ibnetdiscover cache

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ibcacheedit
[\-\-switchguid BEFOREGUID:AFTERGUID] [\-\-caguid BEFORE:AFTER]
[\-\-sysimgguid BEFOREGUID:AFTERGUID] [\-\-portguid NODEGUID:BEFOREGUID:AFTERGUID]
[\-h(elp)] <orig.cache> <new.cache>

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
ibcacheedit allows users to edit an ibnetdiscover cache created through the
\fB\-\-cache\fR option in
.B ibnetdiscover(8).

.SH OPTIONS

.PP
.TP
\fB\-\-switchguid\fR BEFOREGUID:AFTERGUID
Specify a switchguid that should be changed.  The before and after guid
should be separated by a colon.  On switches, port guids are identical
to the switch guid, so port guids will be adjusted as well on switches.
.TP
\fB\-\-caguid\fR BEFOREGUID:AFTERGUID
Specify a caguid that should be changed.  The before and after guid
should be separated by a colon.
.TP
\fB\-\-sysimgguid\fR BEFOREGUID:AFTERGUID
Specify a sysimgguid that should be changed.  The before and after guid
should be spearated by a colon.
.TP
\fB\-\-portguid\fR NODEGUID:BEFOREGUID:AFTERGUID
Specify a portguid that should be changed.  The nodeguid of the port
(e.g. switchguid or caguid) should be specified first, followed by a
colon, the before port guid, another colon, then the after port guid.
On switches, port guids are identical to the switch guid, so the
switch guid will be adjusted as well on switches.

.SH COMMON OPTIONS

Most OpenIB diagnostics take the following common flags. The exact list of
supported flags per utility can be found in the usage message and can be shown
using the util_name -h syntax.

# Debugging flags
.PP
\-h      show the usage message
.PP
\-V      show the version info.

.SH AUTHORS
.TP
Albert Chu
.RI < chu11@llnl.gov >
