.TH IBCCQUERY 8 "Aug 10, 2011" "OpenIB" "OpenIB Diagnostics"

.SH NAME
ibccquery \- query congestion control settings/info

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ibccquery
[\-d(ebug)] [\-G(uid)] [\-C ca_name] [\-P ca_port] [\-t(imeout) timeout_ms]
[\-V(ersion)] [\-h(elp)] [\-c cckey] <op> <lid|guid> [port]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.Bibccquery support the querying of settings and other information related
to congestion control.

.SH OPTIONS

.PP
.TP
Current supported operations and their parameters:
  CongestionInfo (CI) <addr>
  CongestionKeyInfo (CK) <addr>
  CongestionLog (CL) <addr>
  SwitchCongestionSetting (SS) <addr>
  SwitchPortCongestionSetting (SP) <addr> [<portnum>]
  CACongestionSetting (CS) <addr>
  CongestionControlTable (CT) <addr>
  Timestamp (TI) <addr>

.TP
\fB\-c\-fR, \fB\-\-cckey\fR <cckey>
Specify a congestion control (CC) key.  If none is specified, a key of 0 is used.

.SH COMMON OPTIONS

Most OpenIB diagnostics take the following common flags. The exact list of
supported flags per utility can be found in the usage message and can be shown
using the util_name -h syntax.

# Debugging flags
.PP
\-d      raise the IB debugging level.
        May be used several times (-ddd or -d -d -d).
.PP
\-e      show send and receive errors (timeouts and others)
.PP
\-h      show the usage message
.PP
\-v      increase the application verbosity level.
        May be used several times (-vv or -v -v -v)
.PP
\-V      show the version info.

# Addressing flags
.PP
\-G      use GUID address argument. In most cases, it is the Port GUID.
        Example:
        "0x08f1040023"
.PP
\-s <smlid>      use 'smlid' as the target lid for SM/SA queries.

# Other common flags:
.PP
\-C <ca_name>    use the specified ca_name.
.PP
\-P <ca_port>    use the specified ca_port.
.PP
\-t <timeout_ms> override the default timeout for the solicited mads.

If a port and/or CA name is specified, the user request is
attempted to be fulfilled, and will fail if it is not possible.

.SH EXAMPLES

.PP
ibccquery CongestionInfo 3		# Congestion Info by lid
.PP
ibccquery SwitchPortCongestionSetting 3	# Query all Switch Port Congestion Settings
.PP
ibccquery SwitchPortCongestionSetting 3 1 # Query Switch Port Congestion Setting for port 1

.SH AUTHOR
.TP
Albert Chu
.RI < chu11@llnl.gov >
