.TH IBLINKINFO 8 "Jan 24, 2008" "OpenIB" "OpenIB Diagnostics"

.SH NAME
iblinkinfo \- report link info for all links in the fabric

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B iblinkinfo
   [-hcdl -C <ca_name> -P <ca_port> -p -S <port_guid> -G <port_guid> -D <direct_route> \-\-load\-cache <filename>]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
iblinkinfo reports link info for each port in an IB fabric, node by node.
Optionally, iblinkinfo can do partial scans and limit its output to parts of a
fabric.

.SH OPTIONS

.PP
.TP
\fB\-S <port_guid>\fR \fB\-G <port_guid>\fR \fB\-\-port\-guid\fR
start partial scan at the port specified by <port_guid> (hex format)
.TP
\fB\-D <direct_route>\fR
start partial scan at the port specified by the direct route path.
.TP
\fB\-l\fR
Print all information for each link on one line. Default is to print a header
with the node information and then a list for each port (useful for
grep\'ing output).
.TP
\fB\-d\fR
Print only nodes which have a port in the "Down" state.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR
Print additional port settings (<LifeTime>,<HoqLife>,<VLStallCount>)
.TP
\fB\-C <ca_name>\fR    use the specified ca_name for the search.
.TP
\fB\-P <ca_port>\fR    use the specified ca_port for the search.
.TP
\fB\-R\fR (This option is obsolete and does nothing)
.TP
\fB\-\-load\-cache\fR <filename>
Load and use the cached ibnetdiscover data stored in the specified
filename.  May be useful for outputting and learning about other
fabrics or a previous state of a fabric.  Cannot be used if user
specifies a direct route path.  See
.B ibnetdiscover
for information on caching ibnetdiscover output.
.TP
\fB\-\-diff\fR <filename>
Load cached ibnetdiscover data and do a diff comparison to the current
network or another cache.  A special diff output for iblinkinfo
output will be displayed showing differences between the old and current
fabric links.  Be default, the following are compared for differences:
port connections and port state.  See
.B ibnetdiscover
for information on caching ibnetdiscover output.
.TP
\fB\-\-diffcheck\fR <key(s)>
Specify what diff checks should be done in the \fB\-\-diff\fR option above.
Comma separate multiple diff check key(s).  The available diff checks
are:\fIport\fR = port connections, \fIstate\fR = port state, \fIlid\fR = lids,
\fInodedesc\fR = node descriptions.  If \fIport\fR is specified alongside \fIlid\fR
or \fInodedesc\fR, remote port lids and node descriptions will also be compared.
.TP
\fB\-\-filterdownports\fR <filename>
Filter downports indicated in a ibnetdiscover cache.  If a port was previously
indicated as down in the specified cache, and is still down, do not output it in the
resulting output.  This option may be particularly useful for environments
where switches are not fully populated, thus much of the default iblinkinfo
info is considered unuseful.  See
.B ibnetdiscover
for information on caching ibnetdiscover output.

.SH AUTHOR
.TP
Ira Weiny
.RI < weiny2@llnl.gov >
