.TH "rdma_get_cm_event" 3 "rdma_get_cm_event" "May 2007" "Librdmacm Programmer's Manual" librdmacm
.SH NAME
rdma_get_cm_event \- Retrieves the next pending communication event.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "#include <rdma/rdma_cma.h>"
.P
.B "int" rdma_get_cm_event
.BI "(struct rdma_event_channel *" channel ","
.BI "struct rdma_cm_event **" event ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "channel" 12
Event channel to check for events.
.IP "event" 12
Allocated information about the next communication event.
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Retrieves a communication event.  If no events are pending, by default,
the call will block until an event is received.
.SH "NOTES"
The default synchronous behavior of this routine can be changed by
modifying the file descriptor associated with the given channel.  All
events that are reported must be acknowledged by calling rdma_ack_cm_event.
Destruction of an rdma_cm_id will block until related events have been
acknowledged.
.SH "EVENTS"
The following types of communication events may be reported.
.IP RDMA_CM_EVENT_ADDR_RESOLVED
Address resolution (rdma_resolve_addr) completed successfully.
.IP RDMA_CM_EVENT_ADDR_ERROR
Address resolution (rdma_resolve_addr) failed.
.IP RDMA_CM_EVENT_ROUTE_RESOLVED
Route resolution (rdma_resolve_route) completed successfully.
.IP RDMA_CM_EVENT_ROUTE_ERROR
Route resolution (rdma_resolve_route) failed.
.IP RDMA_CM_EVENT_CONNECT_REQUEST
Generated on the passive side to notify the user of a new connection request.
.IP RDMA_CM_EVENT_CONNECT_RESPONSE
Generated on the active side to notify the user of a successful response
to a connection request.  It is only generated on rdma_cm_id's that do not
have a QP associated with them.
.IP RDMA_CM_EVENT_CONNECT_ERROR
Indicates that an error has occurred trying to establish or a connection.
May be generated on the active or passive side of a connection.
.IP RDMA_CM_EVENT_UNREACHABLE
Generated on the active side to notify the user that the remote server is
not reachable or unable to respond to a connection request.
.IP RDMA_CM_EVENT_REJECTED
Indicates that a connection request or response was rejected by the remote
end point.
.IP RDMA_CM_EVENT_ESTABLISHED
Indicates that a connection has been established with the remote end point.
.IP RDMA_CM_EVENT_DISCONNECTED
The connection has been disconnected.
.IP RDMA_CM_EVENT_DEVICE_REMOVAL
The local RDMA device associated with the rdma_cm_id has been removed.
Upon receiving this event, the user must destroy the related rdma_cm_id.
.IP RDMA_CM_EVENT_MULTICAST_JOIN
The multicast join operation (rdma_join_multicast) completed successfully.
.IP RDMA_CM_EVENT_MULTICAST_ERROR
An error either occurred joining a multicast group, or, if the group had
already been joined, on an existing group.  The specified multicast group is
no longer accessible and should be rejoined, if desired.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
rdma_ack_cm_event, rdma_create_event_channel, rdma_resolve_addr,
rdma_resolve_route, rdma_connect, rdma_listen, rdma_join_multicast,
rdma_destroy_id
