.TH SAQUERY 8 "April 13, 2007" "OpenIB" "OpenIB Diagnostics"

.SH NAME
saquery \- query InfiniBand subnet administration attributes 

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B saquery 
[\-h] [\-d] [\-P] [\-N] [\-\-list | \-D] [\-S] [\-I] [\-L] [\-l] [\-G] [\-C] [\-s] [\-g] [\-m] [--src-to-dst <src:dst>] [\-t(imeout) <msec>] [\-\-switch\-map <switch-map>] [<name> | <lid> | <guid>]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
saquery issues the selected SA query. Node records are queried by default.

.SH OPTIONS

.PP
.TP
\fB\-P\fR
get PathRecord info
.TP
\fB\-N\fR
get NodeRecord info
.TP
\fB\-\-list | \-D\fR
get NodeDescriptions of CAs only
.TP
\fB\-S\fR
get ServiceRecord info
.TP
\fB\-I\fR
get InformInfoRecord (subscription) info
.TP
\fB\-L\fR
return the Lids of the name specified
.TP
\fB\-l\fR
return the unique Lid of the name specified
.TP
\fB\-G\fR
return the Guids of the name specified
.TP
\fB\-O\fR
return the name for the Lid specified
.TP
\fB\-U\fR
return the name for the Guid specified
.TP
\fB\-C\fR
get the SA's class port info
.TP
\fB\-s\fR
return the PortInfoRecords with isSM or isSMdisabled capability mask bit on
.TP
\fB\-g\fR
get multicast group info
.TP
\fB\-m\fR
get multicast member info.  If a group is specified, limit the output to the
group specified and print one line containing only the GUID and node
description for each entry. Example: saquery -m 0xc000
.TP
\fB\-\-src-to-dst\fR
get a PathRecord for <src:dst>
where src and dst are either node names or LIDs
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-timeout\fR <msec>
Specify SA query response timeout in milliseconds.
Default is 100 milliseconds. You may want to use
this option if IB_TIMEOUT is indicated.
.TP
\fB\-\-switch\-map\fR <switch-map>
Specify a switch map.  The switch map file maps GUIDs to more user friendly
names.  See 
.B ibnetdiscover(8)
for switch map file format.  Only used with the \fB\-O\fR and \fB\-U\fR options.
.TP
\fB\-d\fR
enable debugging
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
show help

.SH AUTHORS
.TP
Ira Weiny
.RI < weiny2@llnl.gov >
.TP
Hal Rosenstock
.RI < halr@voltaire.com >
