.\" -*- nroff -*-
.\" Licensed under the OpenIB.org BSD license (FreeBSD Variant) - See COPYING.md
.\"
.TH UMAD_REGISTER2 3  "March 25, 2014" "OpenIB" "OpenIB Programmer\'s Manual"
.SH "NAME"
umad_register2 \- register the specified management class and version for port
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.nf
.B #include <infiniband/umad.h>
.sp
.BI "int umad_register2(int " "port_fd" ", struct umad_reg_attr *" "attr" ", uint32_t *" "agent_id");
.fi
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B umad_register2()
registers for a MAD agent using the provided registration attributes

.I port_fd\fR
the port on which to register the agent

.I attr\fR
The registration attributes as defined by the structure passed.  See below for details of this structure.

.I agent_id\fR
returned on success.  agent_id identifies the kernel MAD agent a MAD is received by or to be sent by.  agent_id is returned in the umad header "struct ib_user_mad" on recv and specified in umad_send when sending.


.SH "REGISTRATION ATTRIBUTE STRUCTURE"
.nf
struct umad_reg_attr {
.in +8
uint8_t    mgmt_class;
uint8_t    mgmt_class_version;
uint32_t   flags;
uint64_t   method_mask[2];
uint32_t   oui;
uint8_t    rmpp_version;
.in -8
};

.I mgmt_class\fR
Management class to register for.

.I mgmt_class_version\fR
Management class version to register for.

.I flags\fR
Registration flags.  If a flag specified is not supported by the kernel,
an error is returned, and the supported flags are returned in this field.

.P
Current flags are:
.in +8
UMAD_USER_RMPP -- flag to indicate the kernel should not process
RMPP packets.  All RMPP packets will be treated like individual
MADs.  The user is responsible for implementing the RMPP
protocol.
.in -8

.I method_mask\fR
A bit mask which indicates which unsolicited methods this agent should
receive.  Setting this array to 0 will result in the agent only
receiving response MADs for which a request was sent.

.I oui\fR
The oui (in host order) to use for vendor classes 0x30 - 0x4f.
Otherwise ignored.

.I rmpp_version\fR
If the class supports RMPP and kernel RMPP is enabled (the default)
indicate which rmpp_version to use.


.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.B umad_register2()
returns 0 on success and +ERRNO on failure.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR umad_unregister (3)
.SH "AUTHOR"
.TP
Ira Weiny <ira.weiny@intel.com>
