.\" -*- nroff -*-
.\" Licensed under the OpenIB.org BSD license (FreeBSD Variant) - See COPYING.md
.\"
.TH IBV_ALLOC_BUF 3 2026-05-29 libibverbs "Libibverbs Programmer's Manual"
.SH "NAME"
ibv_alloc_buf, ibv_free_buf, ibv_reg_buf_mr \- allocate provider-aware buffers and register them as memory regions
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.nf
.B #include <infiniband/verbs.h>
.sp
.BI "void *ibv_alloc_buf(struct ibv_pd " "*pd" ", size_t " "size" ,
.BI "                    struct ibv_buf " "**buf" );
.sp
.BI "void ibv_free_buf(struct ibv_buf " "*buf" );
.sp
.BI "struct ibv_mr *ibv_reg_buf_mr(struct ibv_pd " "*pd" ,
.BI "                              struct ibv_buf " "*buf" ", void " "*addr" ,
.BI "                              size_t " "length" ", int " "access" );
.fi
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B ibv_alloc_buf()
allocates a buffer using the allocation method selected by the provider for
the protection domain
.I pd\fR.
On success it returns the mapped address and stores an opaque buffer handle in
.I buf\fR.
The handle is used by
.B ibv_free_buf()
and
.B ibv_reg_buf_mr()
and must not be interpreted by applications.
.PP
.B ibv_free_buf()
releases a buffer handle returned by
.B ibv_alloc_buf()\fR.
The protection domain used for allocation must remain valid until the
buffer is freed.
.PP
.B ibv_reg_buf_mr()
registers a memory region for a buffer returned by
.B ibv_alloc_buf()\fR.
The
.I pd
argument must be the same protection domain that was used to allocate
the buffer.
If a different protection domain is supplied,
.B ibv_reg_buf_mr()
fails with
.B EINVAL\fR.
For ordinary memory it behaves like
.B ibv_reg_mr()\fR.
For provider allocations backed by a DMA-buf, it registers the corresponding
DMA-buf range using the metadata stored in the opaque
.I buf
handle.
.PP
.I addr
and
.I length
may describe a subrange of the allocated buffer. The subrange must be within
the buffer returned by
.B ibv_alloc_buf()\fR.
The
.I access
argument uses the same access flags as
.B ibv_reg_mr()\fR.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.B ibv_alloc_buf()
returns the mapped buffer address on success, or NULL if the request fails.
.PP
.B ibv_reg_buf_mr()
returns a pointer to the registered MR on success, or NULL if the request fails.
.PP
.B ibv_free_buf()
does not return a value.
.SH "NOTES"
Applications running in a CoCo guest that need unprotected/shared memory should
first create a parent domain with
.B IBV_PARENT_DOMAIN_INIT_ATTR_ALLOW_CC_UNPROTECTED_ALLOC\fR,
then allocate and register buffers through these helpers.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ibv_alloc_parent_domain (3),
.BR ibv_reg_mr (3),
.BR ibv_reg_dmabuf_mr (3)
