.\" Licensed under the OpenIB.org BSD license (FreeBSD Variant) - See COPYING.md
.TH "ib_acme" 1 "2014-06-16" "ib_acme" "ib_acme" ib_acme
.SH NAME
ib_acme \- test and configuration utility for the IB ACM
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sp
.nf
\fIib_acme\fR [-f addr_format] [-s src_addr] -d dest_addr [-v] [-c] [-e] [-P] [-S svc_addr] [-C repetitions]
.fi
.nf
\fIib_acme\fR [-A [addr_file]] [-O [opt_file]] [-D dest_dir] [-V]
.fi
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
ib_acme provides assistance configuring and testing the ibacm service.
The first usage of the service will test that the ibacm is running
and operating correctly.  The second usage model will automatically
create address and configuration files for the ibacm service.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\-f addr_format
Specifies the format of the src_addr and dest_addr parameters.  Valid
address formats are: 'i' ip address, 'n' host name, 'l' lid, 'g' gid,
and 'u' unspecified.  If the -f option is omitted,
an unspecified address format is assumed.  ib_acme will use getaddrinfo or
other mechanisms to determine which format the address uses.
.TP
\-s src_addr
Specifies the local source address of the path to resolve.  The source
address can be an IP address, system network name, or LID, as indicated by
the addr_format option.
.TP
\-d dest_addr
Specifies the destination address of the path to resolve.  The destination
address can be an IP address, system network name, or LID, as indicated by
the addr_format option.
.TP
\-v
Indicates that the resolved path information should be verified with the
active IB SA.  Use of the -v option provides a sanity check that
resolved path information is usable given the current cluster configuration.
.TP
\-c
Instructs the ACM service to only returned information that currently resides
in its local cache.
.TP
\-e [N]
Displays one (N = 1, 2, ...) or all endpoints (N = 0 or not present).
.TP
\-P [opt]
Queries performance data from the destination service.  Valid options are:
"col" for outputting combined data in column format,  "N" (N = 1, 2, ...) for
outputting data for a specific endpoint N,  "all" for outputting data for all
endpoints,  and "s" for outputting data for a specific endpoint with the address
given by the -s option.
.TP
\-S svc_addr
Hostname, IPv4-address or Unix-domain socket of ACM service, default: /run/ibacm.sock
.TP
\-C repetitions
number of repetitions to perform resolution.  Used to measure
performance of ACM cache lookups.  Defaults to 1.
.TP
\-A [addr_file]
With this option, the ib_acme utility automatically generates the address
configuration file ibacm_addr.cfg.  The generated file is
constructed using the system host name.
.TP
\-O [opt_file]
With this option, the ib_acme utility automatically generates the option
configuration file ibacm_opts.cfg.  The generated file is currently generated
using static information.
.TP
\-D dest_dir
Specify the destination directory for the output files.
.TP
\-V
Enables verbose output.  When combined with -A or -O options, ib_acme will
display additional details, such as generated address information saved
to the ibacm_addr.cfg file.
.SH "NOTES"
The ib_acme utility performs two main functions.  With the -A and -O options,
it automatically generates address or options configuration files.  The
generated files are text based and may be edited.  These options are intended
to provide a simple way to configure address and option information on all
nodes on a cluster.
.P
The other function of the ib_acme utility is to test the ibacm service,
including helping to verify that the service is usable given the current
cluster configuration.  The ib_acme utility can resolve IP addresses,
network names, or IB LIDs into a path record.  It can then compare that
path record against one obtained by the SA.  When used to test the
ibacm service, the ib_acme utility has the side effect of loading the
ibacm caches.
.P
Multiple, numerical destinations can be specified by adding brackets [] to
the end of a base destination name or address.  Users may specify a list of
numerical ranges inside the brackets using the following example as a
guide: node[1-3,5,7-8].  This will result in testing node1, node2, node3,
node5, node7, and node8.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
ibacm(7), ibacm(1)
