.TH IBND_DISCOVER_FABRIC 3  "July 25, 2008" "OpenIB" "OpenIB Programmer's Manual"
.SH "NAME"
ibnd_discover_fabric, ibnd_destroy_fabric, ibnd_debug ibnd_show_progress \- initialize ibnetdiscover library.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.nf
.B #include <infiniband/ibnetdisc.h>
.sp
.BI "ibnd_fabric_t *ibnd_discover_fabric(char *dev_name, int dev_port, int timeout_ms, ib_portid_t *from, int hops)"
.BI "void ibnd_destroy_fabric(ibnd_fabric_t *fabric)"
.BI "void ibnd_debug(int i)"
.BI "void ibnd_show_progress(int i)"


.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B ibnd_discover_fabric()
Discover the fabric connected to the port specified by dev_name and dev_port, using a timeout specified.  The "from" and "hops" parameters are optional and allow one to scan part of a fabric by specifying a node "from" and a number of hops away from that node to scan, "hops".  This gives the user a "sub-fabric" which is "centered" anywhere they chose.

.B ibnd_destroy_fabric()
free all memory and resources associated with the fabric.

.B ibnd_debug()
Set the debug level to be printed as library operations take place.

.B ibnd_debug()
Indicate that the library should print debug output which shows it's progress
through the fabric.

.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.B ibnd_discover_fabric()
return NULL on failure, otherwise a valid ibnd_fabric_t object.

.B ibnd_destory_fabric(), ibnd_debug()
NONE

.SH "EXAMPLES"

.B Discover the entire fabric connected to device "mthca0", port 1.

	ibnd_discover_fabric("mthca0", 1, 100, NULL, 0);

.B Discover only a single node and those nodes connected to it.

	str2drpath(&(port_id.drpath), from, 0, 0);

	ibnd_discover_fabric("mthca0", 1, 100, &port_id, 1);

.SH "AUTHORS"
.TP
Ira Weiny <weiny2@llnl.gov>
